Story 1:

A farmer asked his son take herd of sheeps Grazing everyone.While the boy watched over the sheep,he got
 bored,so he decided to have some fun.so,he started shouting,wolf wolf,around the peopel came to him.
 they are realized there is no wolf,people very furious about him.
On the next day,boy was shouted again wolf,wolf. people once again came to him.people once again angry
 about him.
On the same day,boy saw an actual wolf.that has terrorizing the sheep.the boy cried wolf wolf please
help me no villagers showed up as day believed that the boy was joking again.

moral of the story:

dont play with people's trust,when it matters the most, they wont believe you.


Story2:
once upon a time,there was a Greek king,midas.He was very rich and had lots of gold.He had a daughter,
who he loved alot.
one day ,midas found an angel in need of help.he helped her and returnsshe agreed to grant a wish.
midas wished that everything he touched would retutn into gold.his wish was granted.on his way home
he touched rocks and plants they turned into gold.
As he reached home,he was very in excitement he hugged his daughter,who turned into gold.
Midas was devastated and he had learnt his lesson.upon his learning lesson,finally the king was realized
and asked her to take her wish back.

moral of the story:
Greed is not good for you.be content and satisfied to lead a happy fulfilling life .

Story3:

once there was a fox and stork.fox was very selfish,but one day fox invited to stork for dinner.
the stork was very happy to be invited and she reached fox home on time.fox was opend door and sork sat
on table.fox served some soup into the shallow bowls.
fox was licked up soup,but stork was could not drnik it because stork has very long beak.on the next day
stork invited  to fox for dinner.strok served some soup as well but in two narrow vases.whilw the stork 
enjoyed her soup and finished.fox very hungry and went home he was realized him mistake.

moral of the story:
dont be selfish because it come back to you at same point.
